

--- Page 1 ---

11/19/25, 9:31 AM                                                Quebec Law 25: What’s New? | Cyera Blog
        Additional rights for data subjects, bringing Quebec law more in line with the GDPR


    Law 25 was phased in over a period of three years, and is now in full effect. Organizations that fail to comply face fines
    from $15,000 to $25,000,000 CAD, or 4 percent of gross revenues from the previous year, whichever is higher.


   How Cyera Helps


     Cyera’s unified, AI-native data security platform scans your entire data estate, including SaaS, IaaS, PaaS, DBaaS, and on-
    prem data stores. It comes with pre-trained classifiers aligned to most major regulatory frameworks - including PIPEDA -
    so you can quickly identify your customers’ personal information wherever it resides and apply policies to keep it safe.


     Cyera’s best-in-class data discovery and classification capabilities make it much easier to respond to Subject Access
     Requests, including validating the destruction of data pursuant to a subject’s request for erasure, or tracing the source of
    a subject’s PII.


    Cyera also simplifies the process of preparing DPIAs. By monitoring for changes to data security configurations and
    access controls, Cyera helps you analyze the data security impact of adopting, developing, or overhauling your
     information systems. Furthermore, Cyera can issue an alert when customer PII is discovered outside of Quebec. This way,
    you can ensure that personal information is sent only to those jurisdictions for which DPIAs have been performed.


     Moreover, Cyera’s Identity Access helps you create a catalog of users with access to your data, including internal and
     external entities, and human as well as non-human identities (NHIs) like IoT devices and AI copilots. It helps you
    implement zero trust practices by highlighting identities who are using insecure passwords or failing to enable multifactor
     authentication. And by helping to identify excessive permissions and stale identities, it also supports the principle of least
      privilege.


    Cyera not only shows you who has access to your data, but also what they’re doing with it. This capability is important for
    complying with Law 25’s enhanced breach notification requirements, which include not only unauthorized access but also
     unauthorized use of personal information in the definition of a “confidentiality incident.”


     Cyera’s recently released DataPort and Cyera MCP server tools can also help you remain compliant with Law 25. DataPort
      is a managed Snowflake instance that uses your Cyera data to build clean, analytics-ready data sets. And Cyera MCP lets
    you plug your preferred AI chatbot into your Cyera data warehouse. With natural language prompts, you can quickly
     identify your biggest compliance risks and get suggestions for remediation.


      Finally, Cyera’s Data Risk Assessment and Breach Readiness services help you get the most out of your Cyera
     deployment. Leveraging its data security platform, Cyera will provide you a comprehensive risk report, mapping your data
     attack surface and highlighting its most vulnerable points. Our virtual CISOs will evaluate your security posture and
     incident response capabilities based on a targeted set of controls from major industry frameworks like ISO 27001 or NIST
    CSF. Based on these findings, Cyera can deliver a prioritized list of recommendations and a roadmap for continuous
    improvement, including timelines and milestones.


    Minimize Risk, Maximize Benefits


    Cyera helps you identify, classify, and secure your data throughout its lifecycle, from collection to eventual destruction.
     With respect to this last point, data minimization is a key use case for the Cyera platform. Many Cyera customers are
     discovering petabytes of redundant, obsolete, or trivial (ROT) data that ought to be securely destroyed. In addition to
     achieving compliance with data minimization and retention requirements, these entities are also saving tens of thousands
     of dollars each month in reduced data storage costs.


     At the same time, they’re also able to confidently deploy AI tools to get the most value possible out of their data, even as
     they secure that data against unauthorized use or access. Request a demo today to see how Cyera can transform your
     personal data from compliance liability into business assets.



https://www.cyera.com/blog/quebec-law-25-whats-new                                                                                                              3/5